Lawyer Tang, please go out and wait for me first
I'm fine, I'll be waiting for you outside.
Right at the door
Please take a seat
Oh, Lawyer Tang
Didn't bother you?
Does it work?
In fact, I have already guessed the purpose of your visit
Then take a guess
It must have been implicated by Gaiyu
How did Tang Lu know?
After all, the first time I investigated, I did something that affected the industry
But the second time, obviously not.
I can't pick it out
I am ashamed that Gaiyu is my father's classmate
So I kept letting him lead by the nose
I'm so sorry Tang Lu
Where is it?
Domestic? real-world friends society is actually not a big deal
I also know that Tang Lu is not a vengeful person
That's why I came to see Lawyer Tang this time
Gaiyu provided some information to the Judicial Bureau before
After you provide the video
We just found out that he lied
It stands to reason that this has nothing to do with us
But we almost wronged good people because of our affairs
That's a big charge
So I also asked Lawyer Tang to give me a testimony
I know what to do. I know what to do.
You are here today because you are afraid that I will fall into trouble, right?
I'm ashamed that Tang Luning got it right, don't worry, you two.
I won't do it.
Then thank Lawyer Tang
You're welcome. Let's go now.
Hey, are you alright?
Scared me to death
I didn't do anything wrong.
What can I do?
Forget it.
I know what to do.
I won't tell you what you want to do.